  Poly 0.2.16-alpha-issue247 (2022-10-27) - https://github.com/polyfy/polylith

  poly CMD [ARGS] - where CMD [ARGS] are:

    check                       Checks if the workspace is valid.
    create E name:N [ARG]       Creates a component, base, project or workspace.
    deps [project:P] [brick:B]  Shows dependencies.
    diff                        Shows changed files since last stable point in time.
    help [C] [ARG]              Shows this help or help for specified command.
    info [ARGS]                 Shows a workspace overview and checks if it's valid.
    libs                        Shows all libraries in the workspace.
    migrate                     Migrates the workspace to the latest format.
    shell                       Starts an interactive shell.
    test [ARGS]                 Runs tests.
    version                     Shows current version of the tool.
    ws [get:X]                  Shows the workspace as data.

  From the shell:

    switch-ws ARG  Switches to specified workspace.
    tap [ARG]      Opens a portal window that outputs tap> statements.
    exit           Exits the shell.
    quit           Quits the shell.

  The ws-dir and ws-file parameters are replaced by switch-ws when executing commands
  from the shell.

  If ws-dir:PATH is passed in as an argument, where PATH is a relative
  or absolute path, then the command is executed from that directory.
  This works for all commands except 'test'.
  If the 'switch-ws dir:DIR' command has been executed from a shell,
  then ws-dir:DIR will automatically be appended to following commands.

  If ws-file:FILE is passed in, then the workspace will be populated with the content
  from that file. All commands except 'create' and 'test' can be executed with this
  parameter set. The FILE is created by executing the 'ws' command, e.g.:
  'poly ws out:ws.edn'.
  If the 'switch-ws file:FILE' command has been executed from a shell,
  then ws-file:FILE will automatically be appended to following commands.

  If :: is passed in, then ws-dir is set to the first parent directory (or current)
  that contains a 'workspace.edn' config file. The exception is the 'test' command
  that has to be executed from the workspace root.

  If skip:PROJECTS is passed in, then the given project(s) will not be read from disk.
  Both project names and aliases can be used and should be separated by : if more than one.

  If since:SINCE is passed in as an argument, the last stable point in time will be
  used depending on the value of SINCE (or the first commit if no match was found).
  If prefixed with 'previous-', e.g. 'previous-release', then the SHA directly before
  the most recent matching tag of the 'release' pattern will be used:
    stable  -> the latest tag that matches stable-*, defined by
               :tag-patterns > :stable in workspace.edn.
    release -> the latest tag that matches v[0-9]*, defined by
               :tag-patterns > :release in workspace.edn.
    KEY     -> any key in :tag-patterns.
    SHA     -> a git SHA-1 hash (if no key was found in :tag-patterns).

  The color mode is taken from ~/.config/polylith/config.edn but can be overridden by passing
  in color-mode:COLOR where valid colors are none, light, and dark.
  (if the XDG_CONFIG_HOME environment variable is set, that will be used instead of ~/.config)

  Example (shell only):
    switch-ws dir:~/myworkspace
    switch-ws file:../../another/ws.edn
    tap
    tap open
    tap clean
    tap close

  Example:
    poly check
    poly create c name:user
    poly create component name:user
    poly create component name:admin interface:user
    poly create base name:mybase
    poly create project name:myproject
    poly create w top-ns:com.my.company
    poly create workspace name:myws top-ns:com.my.company
    poly create workspace name:myws top-ns:com.my.company branch:master
    poly deps
    poly deps project:myproject
    poly deps brick:mybrick
    poly deps project:myproject brick:mybrick
    poly diff
    poly help
    poly help info
    poly help create
    poly help create component
    poly help create base
    poly help create project
    poly help create workspace
    poly help deps
    poly help deps :project
    poly help deps :brick
    poly help deps :project :brick
    poly info
    poly info :loc
    poly info since:65a7918
    poly info since:head
    poly info since:head~1
    poly info since:stable
    poly info since:release
    poly info since:previous-release
    poly info skip:dev
    poly info skip:dev:myproject
    poly info project:myproject
    poly info project:myproject:another-project
    poly info brick:mycomponent
    poly info brick:mycomponent:mybase
    poly info :project
    poly info :dev
    poly info :project :dev
    poly info :all
    poly info :all-bricks
    poly info ::
    poly info color-mode:none
    poly info ws-dir:another-ws
    poly info ws-file:ws.edn
    poly libs
    poly migrate
    poly shell
    poly test
    poly test :project
    poly test :all-bricks
    poly test :all
    poly test project:proj1
    poly test project:proj1:proj2
    poly test brick:mycomponent
    poly test brick:mycomponent:mybase
    poly test :dev
    poly test :project :dev
    poly test :all-bricks :dev
    poly test :all :dev
    poly version
    poly ws
    poly ws get:keys
    poly ws get:count
    poly ws get:settings
    poly ws get:user-input:args
    poly ws get:user-input:args:0
    poly ws get:settings:keys
    poly ws get:components:keys
    poly ws get:components:count
    poly ws get:components:mycomp:lines-of-code
    poly ws get:settings:vcs:polylith :latest-sha
    poly ws get:settings:vcs:polylith :latest-sha branch:master
    poly ws get:changes:changed-or-affected-projects skip:dev color-mode:none
    poly ws out:ws.edn
